### How to Update the Reactome FI network
#### Update the core web service: [corews](https://github.com/reactome-fi/corews) 
1. Make sure all files inside the folder, src/main/webapps/WEB-INF, are updated to the latest version of files, which are generated by the last step of the FI network construction, generateFilesForCytoscape. This is mainly a manual step. Make sure the configuration file points to the right files and configured in applicationContext.xml.
2. Update the reacfoam file in the webapp/reacfoam folder to the latest version. Usually the files should be copied directly from one of Reactome server (e.g. release or production server). The files that should be updated are in the resources/dataset folder. The fireworks files should be in the download folder at the server.
3. Copy PathwayDiagramFactorGraphs.xml.zip to the Cytoscape folder.
4. Install two databases at the server: FI_xxxx and reactome_xx_plus_i. Modify the hibernative configuratio files to point to the correct database.
5. Make sure the logging configuration is right.
6. Don't forget to release the annotated FI file at the server.

#### Update the gsea web service: [gsea-service](https://github.com/nursa-reactome/gsea-service)
1. Files in the src/main/resources should be updated for the versions of GMT files generated for human and mouse and then configure correctly in the application.properies. 
2. Make sure the configuration for log4j is the same as the configured at the server.
3. Package the GSEA app via maven and then move to the server manually for deployment.
